We can take live notes using this [etherpad on Riseup](https://pad.riseup.net/p/hh-ag-website-sept-22-15).

September 22, 2015

Attending (add your name here):
	* Misha Vinokur @justfunny
	* Phillip Smith @phillipadsmith
	* Thomas Wilburn @thomaswilburn
	* Michael Pereira @monkeycycle_org

Next actions / decisions:
	* Phillip to look up the cupcake model! It might make more sense than the Lean Startup model. 
	* Phillip to add all to analytics & Wordpress:  same e-mails
	* Phillip to ask Burt (cc Thomas): Could they be updated: One PSD, plus fonts, and so on
	* All of us: Post one question that we'd like to ask members about the Website. [PS to stsrt GH thread]

To be discussed / decided:    
	* Agreement on our action group's scope of work
		* Better defining the audience of this site
		* Generating a plan for how to best meet that audiences needs
		* Propose to board the above w/ our "cupcake" test as the start (simplify, etc.)
		* Decision: The above is agreed by Misha, Thomas, and Phillip

	* A small list of tasks that need to be undertaken to move this group's work forward
		* Come up with three questions [that organizers could ask their members] --> Julia
			* Each propose one guiding/insightful question that members could answer about the website...
			* e.g., Did you even know what HH have a Website?
		* Think about who "controls" the site / can make update / etc.
		* And how big does it need to be? What does the audience really need? Could it be simple enough to run on Github pages?
		* Questions:
			* Old assets on the site (old logos, and so on)
			* Could they be updated: One PSD, plus fonts, and so on.
			* Even begs the question: What is the ideal "starter kit" for chapters? 


Discussion:
What is our mandate? Thomas asks.
Phillip says, the Website does a poor job of promoting Hacks/Hackers at large.

Misha asks: Who's it for? Members, or organizers? Who's the audience?
    
Thomas muses:
* It seems like a placeholder
* The menu of chapters doesn't do a great job: Big list, leads to empty chapter pages

Also:
	* What the purpose of the "jobs" section?
	* Old chapter assets on the site. Would be great to get them updated
	






