Nov 18, 2015

Attending (add your name here):
* Samantha
* Burt
* Phillip
* Misha
* Thomas

Next actions / decisions:
* PS to post minutes
* PS to create issue for UX conversation next steps
* All to weigh-in on UX thread in GitHub
* Decision: No etherpad project for now
* Decision: Propose/encourage other committees to post their minutes/update to a GitHub repo, or -- at minimum -- to list their committee members and a way to contact that committee because committees want to communicate with other committees. 

To be discussed:
* Next steps / next action 
* Survey data here, https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TwBPhjRVXI1HbgQU9L62MSz02YOPDYWhW8pbzyBllkE/edit?usp=sharing
  * Themes:
     * Didn't know there was a website
     * Couln't find the information they were looking for (How to *run* a chapter, where chapters are active, etc.)
     * Website is really, mainly for *organizers* (looking for resources, how to run their chapter, getting in touch)
 * Website ideas
   * Make the front page more of an "about the network" page vs. a blog
   * Content is fairly static
* Purview/Scope of Work:
  * UX
    * What experience are we pushing
  * "Technology"
    * Etherpad!? Is that part of the "Website" per se?
      * What are the requirements?
      * Who's responsible?
      * Samantha: considering the amount of work, maybe migrate to our own Etherpad at some point when we have some time/energy, etc.
      * Decision: Not undertake this for now, but ask people to paste their minutes to GitHub
   * GitHub? 
      * Do we assume that organizers would collaborate across GitHub? [Thomas - yes; Misha; Samantha - yes; Burt -; Phillip - yes]
      * Porting existing blog posts over: there's an import tool for Jekyll from Wordpress
  * Who "owns" the site
  * How is it maintained? Who does the security updates?
    * Who do we call?
  * Who is it for/audience: 
    * Decision: Organizers, or potential organizers [Samantha, Misha, Thomas, Phillip, Burt]
  * How does it enable collaboration?
    * Communications committee
      * Google Hangouts / Google Docs (not Etherpad)
      * Everyone uses whatever they want / seems easiest
      * Google Group is really the only place we could reach committees consistently





